wham
we are to throw against the aja the university
we are today is the day
welcome all the words for you
to say welcome
past
dead end
this is the unit to serve in box
see universities
then you mate at the pac scale and he
ya the noah foosball was super go
lost
this wave well scares them yeah
it's party
darken there are plenty of free stands
you can have fun and participate
to associations does and there are
cultural activities and there are
sporting activities
it's at least as important as
work regularly we owe you
not just a diploma you owe
much more than a piece of paper at the end
a few years of study
you owe a personal fulfillment
sometimes lose a little time it's
also take the time to mature and that
so it counts
log on to www.facebook.com this
at s & p now takes to discover
the network of students and
discoveries